docs: Decision doc for Remix on top of Remix Router/RR 6.4 (#4152)
remix-run/remix: decisions/0007-remix-on-react-router-6-4-0.md

   1. This is the big one. It simplifies down pretty far, but has the biggest surface area where some things don't quite match up
   2. We need to map query "errors" to Remix's definition of error/catch and bubble them upwards accordingly.
      1. For example, in a URL like `/a/b/c`, if C exports a a `CatchBoundary` but not an `ErrorBoundary`, then it'll be represented in the `DataRouteObject` with `hasErrorBoundary=true` since the `@remix-run/router` doesn't distinguish
      2. If C's loader throws an error, the router will "catch" that at C's `errorElement`, but we then need to re-bubble that upwards to the nearest `ErrorBoundary`
      3. See `differentiateCatchVersusErrorBoundaries` in the `brophdawg11/rrr` branch
   3. New `RemixContext`
      1. `manifest`, `routeModules`, `staticHandlerContext`, `serverHandoffString`
      2. Create this alongside `EntryContext` assert the values match
   4. If we catch an error during render, we'll have tracked the boundaries on `staticHandlerContext` and can use `getStaticContextFromError` to get a new context for the second pass (note the need to re-call `differentiateCatchVersusErrorBoundaries`)

### Do the UI rendering layer second

> The rendering layer in `@remix-run/react` is a bit more of a whole-sale replacement and comes with backwards-compatibility concerns, so it makes sense to do second. However, we can still do this iteratively, we just can't deploy iteratively since the SSR and client HTML need to stay synced (and associated hooks need to ead crom the same contexts). First, we can focus on getting the SSR document rendered properly without `<Scripts/>`. Then second we'll add in client-side hydration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rendering layer in `@remix-run/react` is a bit more of a whole-sale replacement and comes with backwards-compatibility concerns, so it makes sense to do second. However, we can still do this iteratively, we just can't deploy iteratively since the SSR and client HTML need to stay synced (and associated hooks need to read from the same contexts). First, we can focus on getting the SSR document rendered properly without `<Scripts/>`. Then second we'll add in client-side hydration.
```
